The beauty
Style
It's not a shame to have been a national champion.
Tran Dat
If the salary is underutilized
Show yourself a little.
Perhaps the role of the Great Universal Emperor will be more complete.
Master Zhao, my friend's kindness has been received.
But this layman intervention expert is your atmosphere.
Wow.
Oil smoke is not over.
See that?
This is the distance between you and your brother.
As long as you kneel down through the bottom of Master Liang s pants.
Maybe the salary is not funny.
I can teach you some tricks too.
If the children say so.
We're doing this.
I panicked.
Still standing there.
Hurry up.
In my eyes
Your proud number of shots is as childish and ridiculous as a three-year-old, isn't it?
Child.
Admit your helplessness, no one will laugh at you, after all everyone knows you have been an incompetent useless since childhood.
That s right, how can a rotten shrimp fish be compared to Liang Shaoyi?
I see, the Five Great Emperors decided that you should have acted in the first place.
Even if you are an investor.
He is the main actor of some.
But it's also better than some stinky shrimp.
Stop it.
You are afraid that you will lose.
It'll be a year compared to me archery.
Find death Qin Xiao
You're crazy, don't forget you only have three days to practice martial arts.
Delay the time, you can bear it.
This modern bow is not as simple as you might think.
You're not professionally trained.
Don't humiliate yourself.
They want the bank.
It's easy.